bpo-42202: Store func annotations as single tuple at bytecode level (#23316)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.10.rst

  for more details. (Contributed by Victor Stinner and Pablo Galindo in
  :issue:`38980`)

> * Function parameters annotations no longer computed at runtime, they computing
>   on a compilation time and stored as a tuple of string at the bytecode level.
>   It is about 100% faster now to create a function with parameter annotations.
>   (Contributed by Yurii Karabas in :issue:`42202`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Function parameters and their annotations are no longer computed at runtime, 
  but rather at compilation time.  They are stored as a tuple of strings at the 
  bytecode level.  It is now around 100% faster to create a function with parameter 
  annotations.  (Contributed by Yurii Karabas and Inada Naoki in :issue:`42202`)
```

Author: Thanks💫
